the wreckage of a classroom this un
school had become a sanctuary for some
3,000 people who'd fled their homes but
it was struck in the early morning with
devastating effect leaving an aftermath
of shock and
anger what happened this woman asks we
were sleeping under God's protection
under the un's protection everyone was
returning from the mosque when they were
struck a desperate rush to the nearby
hospital chaotic scenes and more
heart-rending images of young
suffering local Reports say the school
was hit in the midst of a tank barrage
of the area Israel says it's
investigating it was another heavy night
of bombardment according to the Israeli
military it's striking mosques because
they're being used by militants it says
it hit more than 70 targets during the
night and has struck more than 4,000 in
its campaign so far aimed it insists at
the ability of Hamas to strike Israel
the Palestinians say more than one ,200
people have now died in the
onslaught the images of bombardment
continue to stir unease and alarm
internationally with more calls for a
halt at least on humanitarian grounds
but both sides are still so far apart in
their positions that the prospects still
seem Bleak indeed more leaflets rain
down on Gaza from a clear sky Israel has
used these before as a warning to garans
to leave their homes so no let up it
seems in a confrontation whose C and
consequences remain unpredictable and
troubling Nick Childs BBC
News